"Be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." - Theodore Roosevelt
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." - Steve Jobs
"We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act but a habit." - Aristotle
"I have not failed. I've just found 10,000 ways that won't work." - Thomas Edison
"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: it is the courage to continue that counts." - Winston Churchill
"If you want to live a happy life, tie it to a goal, not to people or things." - Albert Einstein
"The best way to predict your future is to create it." - Abraham Lincoln
"The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing." - Socrates
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." - Wayne Gretzky
"In the end, we will remember not the words of our enemies, but the silence of our friends." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"The mind is everything. What you think you become." - Buddha
"Success is not how high you have climbed, but how you make a positive difference to the world." - Roy T. Bennett
"The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing." - Edmund Burke
"I can't change the direction of the wind, but I can adjust my sails to always reach my destination." - Jimmy Dean
"The only limit to our realization of tomorrow will be our doubts of today." - Franklin D. Roosevelt
"The future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their dreams." - Eleanor Roosevelt
"Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions." - Dalai Lama
"I have a dream." - Martin Luther King Jr.
"Life is a journey, and if you fall in love with the journey, you will be in love forever." - Peter Hagerty
"There are two types of people in this world: those who make things happen and those who watch things happen." - Tommy Lasorda
"Believe in yourself and all that you are. Know that there is something inside you that is greater than any obstacle." - Christian D. Larson
"Happiness is not the absence of problems, it's the ability to deal with them." - Steve Maraboli
"Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world." - Nelson Mandela
"You must be the change you wish to see in the world." - Mahatma Gandhi
"If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough." - Albert Einstein
"To be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment." - Ralph Waldo Emerson
"Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." - Winston Churchill
"You can't go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." - C.S. Lewis
"If you want to go fast, go alone. If you want to go far, go together." - African Proverb
"Everything you've ever wanted is on the other side of fear." - George Addair
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." - Martin Fowler
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman
"It's not at all important to get it right the first time. It's vitally important to get it right the last time." - Andrew Hunt and David Thomas
"A good programmer is someone who always looks both ways before crossing a one way street." - Doug Linder
"The best way to predict the future is to invent it." - Alan Kay
"Programming is not about typing, it's about thinking." - Rich Hickey
"The most important skill for a programmer is the ability to effectively communicate with others." - Richard Whitehead
"Debugging is like being a detective in a crime movie where you are also the murderer." - Filipe Fortes
"Programs must be written for people to read, and only incidentally for machines to execute." - Harold Abelson and Gerald Jay Sussman
"There's nothing quite so useless as doing with great efficiency something that should not be done at all." - Peter Drucker
"The computer is incredibly fast, accurate, and stupid. Man is incredibly slow, inaccurate, and brilliant. The marriage of the two is a force beyond calculation." - Leo Cherne
"It's not that we have to quit this life one day, but it's how many things we have to quit all at once: music, laughter, the physics of falling leaves, automobiles, holding hands, the smell of rain, poppies, and the future." - Fernando Pessoa
"The best thing about a boolean is even if you are wrong, you are only off by a bit." - Anonymous
"Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." - Patrick McKenzie
"The best code is no code at all." - Jeff Atwood
"First, solve the problem. Then, write the code." - John Johnson
"I'm not a great programmer; I'm just a good programmer with great habits." - Kent Beck
"Good code is its own best documentation." - Steve McConnell